# SS-LTD-Company-IT-Security-Plan
Most security incidents are caused by inadequate management and organisation and less due to the failure of security mechanisms. It is important that SS Ltd. understand the risks associated with the use of technology and information management and take a positive approach to this subject by an awareness amongst employees of the importance of information security, understanding the typology of threats, risks and vulnerabilities of specific environments and applying computerised control practices and policies.  The report will identify and evaluate the security risks to the organisation. Alongside this, it will also analyse the organisational security procedures. A risk assessment method and impact of data protection law and regulations will be discussed along with the physical security issues of the organisation. The report will draft the security policy and identifies the area identification of improvements and impacts. Human resources and security auditing related impacts of the new policy will be discussed. The report will use the case study of SS Ltd for better understanding. To achieve an efficient security program requires policies, procedures, practices, standards, descriptions of duties and responsibilities of service, as well as the overall security architecture. These controls should be implemented to achieve the specific objectives of security and in general of the organisation.  It is important that each organisation be able to identify their own safety requirements. For this it must appeal to the three main sources: risk analysis, existing legislation, standards and internal procedures
